[Applause]
[Music]
hello everybody here for the in the road
meet off what do you drive
I got the jet bike they ready to see you
mr. GRU
oh good great yeah they stay English
violence
my name is Kru I feel like I'm talking
too loud even though our proximity
doesn't require this time
you seriously think a puny little child
can be a village yes I am pretty
despicable you don't want to cross me
when you've got something evil go
impress me
[Music]
I'll take the stone back to the lair
I'll distract them
this is the biggest day of my life this
can just go something brothers villains
in the world
[Music]
are you pulling on my legs
did you just trade my future for a bad
Rock
Oh what didn't mean to scare you now
where is GRU
[Music]